Addition & modification of instructions to run tests. (#407)
revault/revaultd: tests/README.md

# Get the deps
pip install -r tests/requirements.txt
```
Additionaly you need to have `bitcoind` installed on your computer, please

> refer [bitcoincore](https://bitcoincore.org/en/download/) for installation.

Reviewer: nit 
```suggestion
refer to [bitcoincore](https://bitcoincore.org/en/download/) for installation.
```

servers code:
```
# From the root of the repository

> ./contrib/recompile_tests_servers.sh

Reviewer: Just below this line it's stated:
> When you need a new version of the servers, you can update the submodules

Can you update this as well saying that they can just reuse the same script to update and recompile the tests servers?

git submodule update --remote --recursive
```

First, setup the docker image required for running server-requiring tests:
```
docker run --rm -d -p 5432:5432 --name postgres-coordinatord -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=test -e POSTGRES_USER=test -e POSTGRES_DB=coordinator_db postgres:alpine
```

To run the server-requiring tests, pass the postgres credentials to the framework:
```
POSTGRES_USER="test" POSTGRES_PASS="test" TEST_DEBUG=1 pytest -vvv -n8 --timeout=1800
```

> It is plausible that your functional tests encounter timeout error, you can 
> increase it by setting the environment variable of your shell by 
> `export TIMEOUT=120` command and run on single thread.

Reviewer: I don't think we should recommend `export`ing variables
```suggestion
It is plausible that your functional tests encounter timeout error, you can 
increase it by setting the `TIMEOUT` environment variable to a higher value
(for instance `TIMEOUT=120`). Running in single-threaded mode (by not
specifying the `-n` parameter) might also help.
```

Reviewer: Also, compiling in release mode and setting `REVAULTD_PATH=$PWD/target/release/revaultd` is a pretty good way to avoid timeouts.
